docs: add nix shell and instructions to run python demo scripts as root (#28)
open-dynamic-robot-initiative/odri_control_interface: readme.md

You find examples in forms of demos under the `demos/` folder. The demos show how to use the python and C++ interface for talking to the library and setting up a robot.

##### Python examples

If you're using nix, you can get into a shell with all required packages available, including the C++-backed python packages

```
nix develop .#python
```

Since the SDK forges raw ethernet frames, you need to run these scripts as root (run it in a shell that has the dependencies installed and PYTHONPATH set):

```
sudo -HE env PATH=$PATH PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH python demos/demo_testbech_joint_calibrator.py
```

> Note that running within a network-mounted directory (e.g. using NFS) might result in a "Permission denied" error when trying to make python execute the script as root, even when all users have the `r`ead permission set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that running within a network-mounted directory (e.g. using NFS) might result in a "Permission denied" error when trying to make python execute the script as root, even when all users have the read permission set.
```
